# Science and engineering terms
 - Abstraction layer: A generalization of a conceptual model. 
 - Low-level: A verb to describe something relatively closer to pure physics. 
 - High-level: A verb to describe something relatively further away from pure physics.
  
# Mathematics (The abstract representation of nature)
 - Binary: A base 2 number system.
 - Hexadecimal: A base 16 number system.

# Hardware (Circuits, Electrical components)
 - CPU (Central processing unit): A piece of hardware that can execute programs.
 - RAM (Random-access memory): The hardware in a computer where programs and data current in use are stored, and kept quickly accessible by the device processor(s). 

# Low-level programming (Machine code, Assembly Language)
 - Machine code: The lowest-level representation of a compiled or assembled computer program.
 - Assembly Language: A programming language that is intended to communicate directly with a computer's hardware, can be compiled into machine code using an assembler.
 - Program: A sequence of instructions written so that a computer can perform certain task.
 - Operating system: A program that manages computer hardware, and resources (ram/cpu power) as well as providing common services for writing programs. 
 - Compiler: A program that translates a source program written in some high-level(C++, Java) programming language into machine code. 
 - Linker: A program that takes one or more object files generated by a compiler and combines them into one, executable program.

# High-level programming (C, C++, Pascal)
 - Data type: A classification of data. A data type tells compiler or interpreter how the data shall be handled. 
 - Variable: A name of a memory location.
 - Function: A group of statements that together perform a task.
 - Entry Point: An entry point is a point in a program where the execution of a the begins, and where the program has access to command line arguments. 

# Scripting (Python, Lua)
 - Interpreter: A program that can analyse and execute a program/script line by line.
 - Scripting language: A type of programming language in which we can write code to control another software application.
 - Script: Code written in a scripting language.

# User space (Windows Desktop, Google Chrome)
 - Application: Applications are programs designed for end users.